I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa Pig.
Lost Keys
Peppa and her family have been
for a lovely day out in the mountains.
Time to go home. Back to the car.
Thank you for visiting the Mountain Beauty Spot.
See you again soon.
Key! Key!
No, George. You can't play with the car keys.
You might lose them.
You're playing with the car keys, Daddy.
But I'm a grown-up. I'm not going to lose them.
Oh dear.
Daddy Pig has dropped the car keys down a drain.
Oh!
Right! Let's go home.
Erm…that might be difficult.
Why?
Daddy dropped the car keys down the drain.
Oh, Daddy Pig!
Don't worry.
I'll get the car keys out of the drain with a stick.
Hooray!
Mmm…the drain must be deeper than I thought.
The stick is not long enough to reach the keys.
What we need is a fishing rod.
Then we can catch the keys on a hook.
Maybe Miss Rabbit sells fishing rods.
Erm…do you sell fishing rods.
We do, actually. I don't know why.
You don't get fish in the mountains.
We are not fishing for fish.
We are fishing for keys.
My Daddy dropped the car keys down the drain.
Oh, you'll never get those back.
That drain's really deep.
What are drains for?
A drain takes the rain water away to the sea.
The fishing line is not long enough to reach the keys.
My goodness! How deep is this drain?
We can see how deep it is by dropping a stone.
Good idea, Miss Rabbit.
We can count how long the stone takes to reach the bottom.
One, two, three, four, five, six.
That, is deep!
Told you!
What can we do now?
It is Mr. Bull and his friends.
Digger! Train!
George loves diggers and trains.
Hello, everybody.
Hello, Mr. Bull.
Welcome to the Mountain Beauty Spot.
Have you come to do some work?
No, it's our day off.
So we came to enjoy the Beauty Spot.
You can see for miles, boss.
Yes, it's very pretty.
Erm…Mr. Bull, could we borrow your crane for a minute?
What for?
My Daddy dropped the car keys down the drain.
Say no more. I left over in no time.
Mr. Rhino, the crane please.
Stand clear. Down she goes!
How lucky Mr. Bull came along when he did!
Yes, now we'll finally get our keys back.
That's the furthest she goes, chief.
Mr. Bull is the chief.
Did you find our keys?
No. The crane isn't long enough.
Now, what shall we do?
Easy! We'll dig up the road.
Hooray!
Mr. Bull is digging up the beauty spot.
Stop!
What's going on?
We came to see the beauty spot.
Erm…they're digging it up now. Won't be long.
My Daddy dropped the car keys down the drain.
Oh!
Hold it! Hold it!
It's the keys. We've got them.
Hooray!
There you go!
Thank you, Mr. Bull.
Oh, it was nothing.
Er…where's the beauty spot gone?
The Mountain Beauty Spot is now a big hole.
It's a cave now.
Welcome to the Cave Beauty Spot.
Woo!
All thanks to my daddy!
Err…and Mr. Bull.
Yes, I'm good at digging holes.
Mr. Bull loves digging holes.
Everybody loves digging holes.